setup RN v14.2.0 (#2280)
mia-platform/documentation: docs/release-notes/v14.2.0.md

For detailed usage examples, please refer to the [documentation](/development_suite/api-console/api-design/miactl-commands.md) and the [miactl project commands[/cli/miactl/commands.md#project).

## New Webhook event: Tag Deleted

A new webhook event is now available: **`Tag Deleted`**.  
This event is fired whenever a tag/version is deleted, allowing you to trigger custom automations or integrations in response.

## Redeploy a configuration from Deploy History

It is now possible to **redeploy a previously deployed configuration** directly from the **Deploy History**.  
From the Deploy area, in the Deploy History section, simply click the rocket icon in the table of the deployments to trigger a new deploy of that specific configuration.

![Redeploy](/release-notes/img/redeploy-deploy-history.png)

## Console

### Improvements

#### Project list improved with table view

The **Project list** is now displayed in a **table view** instead of cards.  
This change improves performance, simplifies search, and makes navigation in Console more efficient when working with multiple Projects.

## Marketplace

### Marketplace Updates

#### 

## How to update your Console

> For self-hosted installations, please head to the [self hosted upgrade guide](/infrastructure/self-hosted/installation-chart/100_how-to-upgrade.md) or contact your Mia-Platform referent and upgrade to _Console Helm Chart_ `vX.X.X`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For self-hosted installations, please head to the [self hosted upgrade guide](/infrastructure/self-hosted/installation-chart/100_how-to-upgrade.md) or contact your Mia-Platform referent and upgrade to _Console Helm Chart_ `v15.0.1-beta.0`.
```
